Update ediscovery-decryption.md (#7375)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/compliance/ediscovery-decryption.md

Any rights-protected (RMS-protected) email messages included in the results of a Content search will be decrypted when you export them. Additionally, any file that's encrypted with a [Microsoft encryption technology](encryption.md) and is attached to an email message that's included in the search results will be decrypted when it's exported. This decryption capability is enabled by default for members of the eDiscovery Manager role group. This is because the RMS Decrypt management role is assigned to this role group by default. Keep the following things in mind when exporting encrypted email messages and attachments:
  

> - As previously explained, if you enable decryption of RMS-protected messages when you export them, you have to export the search results as individual messages. If you try to export search results to a PST file, RMS-protected messages will be exported as loose emails instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- As previously explained, if you enable decryption of RMS-protected messages when you export them, you have to export the search results as individual messages. If you attempt to export search results to a PST file, RMS-protected messages will be exported as individual emails instead.
```
